map
process description
	state the problem
	state the solution and process
	what did I learn? Whate would I do differently
Topography
Have Natalie look over this before I submit it.

Gardenwerks Map embed html 
<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m12!1m3!1d778.1355481162353!2d-112.03529417340752!3d46.62038701196497!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!5e1!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1714081925548!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

Ubiquiti Dream Machine Router
Ubiquiti NanoBeam ac 5ghz bridge x 4
Ubiquiti airMAX 5ghz omnidirectional antenna
Ubiquiti airMAX Rocket Prism 5AC basestation
Ubiquiti POE Injector x 8
Ubiquiti U6 Pro access point x 2
Ubiquiti U6 Lite access point x 2

Documenting a network upgrade is crucial for ensuring clarity, continuity, and troubleshooting in the future. Here's a comprehensive list of items you should consider including:

    Overview:
        Start with a brief introduction outlining the purpose and goals of the network upgrade.
        Mention any challenges or issues the upgrade aimed to address.

    Network Diagrams:
        Include before and after network diagrams to illustrate the changes made.
        Detail the network topology, including devices, connections, and their roles.

    Inventory:
        List all hardware components upgraded or added, including routers, switches, access points, etc.
        Include details such as make, model, serial numbers, and firmware versions.

    Configuration Changes:
        Document all changes made to device configurations.
        Include any new VLANs, subnet changes, IP address assignments, routing protocols, etc.
        Highlight any security enhancements or access control changes.

    Testing Procedures:
        Outline the testing procedures conducted before and after the upgrade.
        Document any testing tools used and their results.
        Include performance metrics such as throughput, latency, and packet loss.

    Backup and Recovery:
        Describe backup procedures for device configurations and network settings.
        Document the process for restoring configurations in case of failure.

    Security Measures:
        Detail any security measures implemented during the upgrade.
        Include firewall configurations, access control lists (ACLs), encryption settings, etc.

    User Communication:
        Document any communication with users or stakeholders regarding the upgrade.
        Include announcements, notifications, and training materials provided.

    Documentation Updates:
        Ensure that existing network documentation is updated to reflect the changes made.
        Update network documentation repositories or wikis accordingly.

    Lessons Learned:
        Reflect on the project, highlighting successes and areas for improvement.
        Document any unexpected challenges encountered and how they were resolved.
        Include recommendations for future upgrades or maintenance.

    Support and Maintenance:
        Provide information on ongoing support and maintenance requirements for the upgraded network.
        Include contact details for support personnel or vendors.

    Compliance and Regulations:
        Ensure compliance with relevant industry regulations and standards.
        Document any compliance assessments or audits conducted as part of the upgrade process.

    Acknowledgments:
        Acknowledge contributions from team members, vendors, or external consultants involved in the upgrade.

    Appendices:
        Include any additional supporting documents, such as detailed configurations, vendor documentation, or test reports.

By including these elements in your documentation, you can create a comprehensive record of the network upgrade that will be valuable for troubleshooting, future planning, and knowledge transfer within your organization.